MP-6055 Marketplace Shopping Lists feature walkthrough added. (#922)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/data-import/202204.0/file-details-product-offer-shopping-list.csv.md

---
title: "File details: product_offer_shopping_list.csv"
last_updated: May 13, 2022

> description: This document describes the product_offer_shopping_list.csv file to configure merchant product offer shopping list in your Spryker shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This document describes the product_offer_shopping_list.csv file to configure shopping lists with product offers in your Spryker shop.
```

template: import-file-template
---

> This document describes the `product_offer_shopping_list.csv` file to configure [Marketplace Shopping Lists](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{page.version}}/marketplace-shopping-lists-feature-walkthrough.html#marketplace-shopping-lists) information in your Spryker shop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes the `product_offer_shopping_list.csv` file to configure shopping lists with product offers in your Spryker shop.
```

Reviewer: `shopping lists with product offers` - correct link, for now it doesn't work

To import the file, run:

```bash
data:import product-offer-shopping-list-item
```

## Import file parameters

The file should have the following parameters:

| PARAMETER               | REQUIRED? | TYPE    | DEFAULT VALUE | REQUIREMENTS OR COMMENTS | DESCRIPTION                                                                                                                                                 |
|-------------------------|-----------|---------|---------------|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| shopping_list_item_key  | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | The key that will identify the shopping list item to add data to.                                                                                           |

> | product_offer_reference | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | Identifier of the [merchant product offer](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{site.version}}/marketplace-product-offer-feature-overview.html) in the system. |

Reviewer: why unique? can't we add different offers to the same shopping list or the same offer for different shopping lists?

> | shopping_list_item_key  | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | The key that will identify the shopping list item to add data to.                                                                                           |
> | product_offer_reference | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | Identifier of the [merchant product offer](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{site.version}}/marketplace-product-offer-feature-overview.html) in the system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| shopping_list_item_key  | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | Identifier of the merchant in the system.                                                                                           |
| product_offer_reference | &check;   | String  |               | Unique                   | Identifier of the [merchant product offer](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{site.version}}/marketplace-product-offer-feature-overview.html) in the system. |
```
